Say it, be willing to admit defeat
Honey, I'm back.
Sister, are you there too?
Wife
This is Liye.
Let's get a divorce.
I'm not getting a divorce.
Wife
You see me go out
I made 10,000 bucks
You trust me.
It won't be long before I can pay you back the gambling debt
Where did you get this money?
Did you do something illegal?
I didn't steal or rob
I made 10,000 dollars from the lottery
What time is it?
You exported your wife
Sign now.
I won't be a bad gambler anymore
You could have sold your wife
How can I trust you?
Xiaoxue is my best sister
I shouldn't have persuaded her to marry you in the first place
I really pushed her into the fire pit, third sister
Liye
If you still have any conscience
I'm really begging you.
Leave us mother and daughter alone
Wife, listen to me
I don't want a divorce.
Next Life
Wife
mom
Within three days
Sign the divorce agreement
Otherwise, I will bring Xiaoxue to court to sue you.